# dopamine_ensemble_analysis
The raw data for this experiment is contained in a folder called “/All Sessions”.  In that folder, there is one matlab workspace file (saved from the .plx file created during the recording session) for each completed recording session in this experiment.  The first four characters of the filename indicate the rat ID and the next six characters indicate the date of the session.  The “N” appended to some of the filenames means that no putative dopamine neurons were recorded in that session.  Each workspace has a 2-column vector called "Strobed" that has timestamps and strobe ID numbers indicating behavioral events as specified in the file called "strobe_info.txt" and neural spiketrains consisting of vectors of timestamps named “sig*” and “dsp*”.  In this experiment, fluid A is grape kool-aid solution and fluid B is tropical punch kool-aid solution. (Note that these files also hold the strobed data broken down into its components, but this information can be ignored as it is derived from the "Strobed" variable and is redundant to it.)  

There are also two other matlab workspaces, "DA Neurons" and "All Sessions" that hold lists of all the neurons that were identified separately as putative dopamine neurons and the sessions within which they were recorded, and lists of all the recorded neurons and all the sessions within which they were recorded, respectively.  The two lists in each workspace, called "session_array" and "session_cell_array", are character arrays, with each row being one session filename or neuron identifier.  The neuron identifiers consist of the session identifier followed by the name of the neural spiketrain variable for that neuron (e.g. sig001a).  
